Feat: Insomnia Azure SCIM (#1997)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/how-tos/steps/insomnia-scim.md

Go to [**Enterprise Controls** > **SCIM**](https://app.insomnia.rest/app/enterprise/scim) and click the toggle to enable SCIM.

> Follow the instructions in the modal that opens to generate the connector URL and token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in the modal that opens to generate the connector URL and token. Save both, you'll need them later to configure SCIM.
```

{:.warning}

> > The token will only be visible once in Insomnia, so make sure to store it in a secure location to be able to retrieve it if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The token will only be visible once in Insomnia. Make sure to store it in a secure location so you can retrieve it if needed.
```
